Chen Xiaofang, you little scumbag
Do you think it's that simple to let a group go bankrupt?
The scale of the Sun Group
There are at least hundreds of them across the country.
If they hadn't killed themselves
We have no chance of success either.
Not to mention the top three Zhao consortium in the country
If you can really make my Zhao family go bankrupt with one sentence
I, Zhao Liangbo, let you be my grandfather
Well, you unfilial descendant
I dare not ask for it
You'd better watch over your grandfather
If your grandpa had a heart attack or something
Get the medicine ready first
Hey, good job
It's pretty fast, but it can be increased by another 20%.
Wife
Turn on your phone and see that the ancient poem is on.
Did you do all this?
God
Zhao Sicai, he won't marry you who don't spend money to marry
Gao's Group too
And it's still falling
Zhao Liangbo, you bastard
I was killed by you
Anyone dares to offend
Go to hell!
Why are you pulling Lao Tzu on your back?
The eighteenth generation of Lao Tzu will wait for him to let him go
Be sure to kill your whole family
Reunion
It was just approved that the Risoku Group of Korea suddenly went bankrupt
What!